On a cold brisk morning in Madison Wisconsin Jimmy awoke to find the ground
 covered in a blanket of snow.  Jimmy ran outside and started to build
 a snowman.  He rolled and rolled and rolled the snow until a snowman
 stood 6 feet tall.  Although thinking about it now Jimmy was only
 four foot three so he must have grabbed a ladder or something.  When the 
snowman was completed he began putting a scarf, jacket, carrot nose and button
eyes.  When he set the tophat on the snowman came sprouted two legs and rose 
up standing over ten feet tall.  

The great heap of animate snow convulsing before Jimmy's eyes, having now 
gained consciousness, found that it was completely blind. While button eyes 
are an excellent novelty for childrens' snow endeavours, they generally don't 
offer much in the way of optic functionality. What the snow-being did find, 
however, was that it was made of snow. Unfortunately for Jimmy, much of the 
surface of the surrounding neighborhood was also, at the moment, made of snow.
 The top hat, it would seem, did not distinguish between the body of Jimmy's 
Frankenstein's-monster-esque creation and the rest of the raw components 
surrounding it, which is why Jimmy suddenly found himself on the ground which,
 to that point, had not been trembling with the friction of a thousand tons of 
shifting ice. The gelid mass, while unable to see or hear or smell, began to
 locomote itself towards the towers of UW Madison.
 
The snowman suddenly hit the group after slipping on the sidewalks, because as we
know Madison doesn't believe in salt.  The snowman rolled down bascom hill, growing not
only speed as he rolled down the hill but also in size as the hill was covered in snow.
After coming to a crash landing in the road at the end of the hill, the snowman no longer 
wanted to attack the towers of UW Madison but rather set his sights on the Wisconsin Captial building.

Unfortunately, having rolled down bascom, the snowman had become a snowgiant.
He tore through state street, rocking into all the restaurants and bars on the
street and accumulating debris. As it encroached on the Capital building the 
snowgiant grew to double the size of the building and it began to swing. Out of
nowhere a beam shot down from space and disintegrated the snowgiant. To this day
no one knows what caused the snowman to go crazy but everyone is glad that the
capital is safe. 
